♪
ALL I KNOW IS THIS
ISN'T MY FAULT.
SO, YOU'RE BLAMING ME BECAUSE
YOU'RE ANGRY, IS THAT IT?
I'M NOT ANGRY!
YES, YOU ARE.
I'M NOT!
YOU ARE!
WELL, I AM NOW BECAUSE
YOU'RE ACCUSING ME
OF BEING ANGRY
WHEN I'M NOT!
SO IT'S MY FAULT?
IT'S YOUR FAULT I'VE
GOT TWO DAYS TO SAVE
A MARRIAGE AND ONLY
ME AND PUCK TO DO IT.
AND ME.
YES, AND YOU ARE
SUCH A GREAT HELP.
FINE. IF I'M NO USE,
DO IT ALL YOURSELF.
I DIDN'T
MEAN THAT.
PITY,
BECAUSE I DID.
TWO LESSONS
IN LIFE, MATE...
TWO GOLD NUGGETS FROM
THE BANK OF PUCK.
ONE: NEVER LEAVE HOME
WITHOUT YOUR LOVE JUICE.
TWO: THINGS AREN'T ALWAYS
WHAT THEY APPEAR TO BE.
THE EYES ARE THE
WINDOW TO THE SOUL
AND NOW AND AGAIN WE ALL
NEED A GOOD WINDOW CLEANER.
HOLD STILL...
DON'T HAVE
YOUR EYE OUT...
ALL I KNOW IS THIS
ISN'T MY FAULT.
YOU'RE BLAMING ME BECAUSE
YOU'RE ANGRY, IS THAT IT?
I'M NOT ANGRY!
OBERON AND TITANIA, KING
AND QUEEN OF THE FAIRIES.
DANCE, RITUAL, MAGIC,
NATURE, DANGER -
A RIGHT OLD COSMIC
HARMONY VIBE GOING ON.
AND ME.
YES, AND YOU ARE
SUCH A GREAT HELP.
FINE. IF I'M NO USE,
DO IT ALL YOURSELF.
I DIDN'T MEAN THAT.
PITY, BECAUSE I DID.
I TOLD YOU THINGS COULD LOOK
A BIT DIFFERENT, DIDN'T I?
THIS IS THE GIG.
WE BRING COUPLES HERE
IN TIMES OF NEED.
WE LOOK AFTER THEM WHEN THEY
RUN INTO TROUBLE, LOVE-WISE.
HELP THEM SEE EACH OTHER AGAIN,
PUT 'EM BACK ON THE RIGHT TRACK.
WE'RE KIND OF LIKE
A SPIRITUAL RELATE.
WE BLESSED THIS COUPLE'S
WEDDING 26 YEARS AGO
AND WE'VE BROUGHT THEM
HERE, TO DREAM PARK,
TO CELEBRATE THEIR
DAUGHTER'S ENGAGEMENT.
JAMES WILL BE DRIVING
AND WON'T BE ABLE TO TEXT.
YEAH. THAT'D BE IT.
HELLO THERE. WELCOME
TO DREAM PARK.
CAN WE HAVE YOUR BOOKING
PAPERS, PLEASE SIR?
YES, INDEED.
AH, YES. THE PREMIUM
VILLA, VERY NICE.
IT'S A VERY
SPECIAL OCCASION.
MY DAUGHTER'S
GETTING ENGAGED.
LOVELY.
SO THAT'S TWO VILLAS IN
FOXGLOVE, ONE IN BLUEBELL?
NO, NO, SORRY,
THAT'S NOT RIGHT.
LEAVE THIS TO ME.
HEY! YOU!
HELLO? HELLO?
COME IN, OVER!
FOXTROT, TANGO,
HOKEY POKEY!
♪
FOXGLOVE, FOXGLOVE,
BLUEBELL.
IT SEEMS TO ME YOU'VE GOT
YOUR FLOWER BEDS MIXED UP.
AND YOU BOOKED THREE
VILLAS IN THE SAME AREA?
NO, I JUST THOUGHT IT'D BE FUN
STANDING HERE ARGUING WITH YOU.
YES, THREE VILLAS,
SAME AREA.
HAD YOU CONFIRMED
BY TELEPHONE?
IT'S MY DAUGHTER'S ENGAGEMENT
PARTY, I LEFT NOTHING TO CHANCE.
PERHAPS YOUR ACCENT
CONFUSED THE OPERATOR.
AS YOU CAN SEE, BLUEBELL
IS VERY CLOSE TO FOXGLOVE.
IT'S CLEARLY AT
LEAST A MILE.
I FIND WITH THE
LARGER PARKS
A LITTLE PRIVACY'S
NOT A BAD THING.
TELL YOU WHAT I'M GONNA DO -
HAVE ANOTHER OF OUR
COMPLIMENTARY PACKS JUST TO
HELP SOFTEN THE DISAPPOINTMENT
- NOT THAT YOU SHOULD FEEL
ANY DISAPPOINTMENT OR THAT
DREAM PARKS ARE IN ANY WAY IN A
POSITION TO ADMIT ANY LIABILITY.
DREAM PARK...
MORE LIKE
NIGHTMARE PARK.
PUCK: I'M THE OFFICIAL WELCOME
PARTY AND I THINK I SHOULD
GIVE THEO A WELCOME
HE'LL NEVER FORGET.
IT'S THE LEAST
I CAN DO.
MY DAUGHTER AND JAMES
HAVE KNOWN EACH OTHER
ALL THEIR LIVES WHICH
AS THEY SAY IS A LIFETIME.
AND TODAY ON THIS
VERY SPECIAL OCCASION
WE LOOK FORWARD
TO WELCOMING...
DAD?
YEAH, WHAT IS IT?
IS THIS NOT A
GOOD TIME?
NO, IT'S FINE.
HEY, COME ON. WHAT'S
THE PROBLEM?
WELL, I DON'T REALLY KNOW
HOW TO PUT THIS, BUT...
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, COURSE I AM.
JUST THE OCCASION GETTING TO ME
BECAUSE I WANT EVERYTHING TO BE
JUST RIGHT FOR YOU AND FOR JAMES
- EVERYTHING JUST PERFECT.
WHEN YOU MARRIED MOM, DID
YOU KNOW IN YOUR HEART
THAT SHE WAS... WELL,
DID YOU KNOW THAT...
WHAT?
DAD?
SORRY, YOU WERE SAYING
SOMETHING ABOUT MOM.
I KNOW THIS IS A BIT LATE,
BUT, WELL, I SOMETIMES
LOOK AT JAMES... AND I
LOOK AT JAMES AND I THINK...
DAD, ARE YOU
EVEN LISTENING?
SORRY, JUST FEELING
A BIT TENSE NOW.
MAYBE LATER,
HEY DARLING?
YEAH. SURE. THANKS.
GET A GRIP,
GET A GRIP.
THAT SEEMED TO GO
ALL RIGHT, DIDN'T IT?
I'D KNOW HIM
ANYWHERE.
JEANS, WHITE
TRAINERS.
HE CLIMBED THAT FENCE LIKE
IT WASN'T EVEN THERE.
YOU'RE SURE IT WAS A MAN AND
NOT A BIG CAT OR SOMETHING?
NO WAY, NO. I COULD
TELL HE WASN'T A CAT
BECAUSE OF
THE RUCKSACK.
THAT'S USUALLY
A CLINCHER.
MY LOVELY HUSBAND, THEO, IS
NOW GOING TO SAY A FEW WORDS.
JUST A FEW?
THAT'LL BE A FIRST.
OH, JEFF.
WELL, THANK YOU.
OUR HERMIA AND THIS FINE YOUNG
FELLOW, JAMES DEMETRIUS,
HAVE KNOWN EACH
OTHER QUITE A WHILE.
ALL THEIR LIVES AS
A MATTER OF FACT.
AND WHEN THEY USED TO
SHARE A BATH TOGETHER...
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"USED TO"?
WE WOULD JOKE THAT,
WELL, ONE DAY,
THAT ONE DAY
THEY'D GET MARRIED.
AND WATCHING THEM GROW UP
TOGETHER - AND HELENA TOO -
I'VE ALWAYS SAID THAT
HERMIA ISN'T AN ONLY CHILD
BECAUSE HELENA HAS ALWAYS
BEEN LIKE A SISTER TO HER.
THE BEST SISTER THAT A
GIRL COULD EVER WANT.
I'M NEVER GONNA GET THIS
RIGHT FOR TOMORROW, AM I?
IF WE GET IT RIGHT FOR THE
ENGAGEMENT PARTY, AND I RECKON
THE BIG WIGS ARE LOOKING, IT'LL
MAKE US FULL TIME ENTERTAINERS.
THEY'RE NOT PAYING US MORE,
THOUGH, ARE THEY?
NOT YET, MAYBE.
THAT'S HIM!
THAT'S HIM! YES!
HEY YOU!
COME ON, SON.
THE FUN'S OVER.
YOU DON'T WANT US
LETTING THE DOGS OUT.
SHOULD WE CALL
FOR BACK UP?
WE ARE THE BACK UP.
VACUUM THE FOREST?
NO POINT. HE'LL BE
HALFWAY HOME BY NOW.
COME ON. TALK TO QUINCE
ABOUT THE RUNNING ORDER.
...AND IF I WAS GOING TO
CHOOSE A MAN TO MARRY
MY DAUGHTER, THEN IT WOULD
BE THE ONE THAT SHE'S CHOSEN.
JAMES DEMETRIUS.
STOP! STOP!
WHAT THE HELL?
DON'T DO THIS!
STOP THIS NOW!
I'M BEGGING YOU.
JUST DON'T, PLEASE.
CALL SECURITY, POLLY.
I LOVE YOU.
HE'S WITH ME.
WHAT?
I MEAN WHO IS
HE? WHAT IS HE?
ME AND ZANDER LOVE
EACH OTHER VERY MUCH.
DON'T BE STUPID,
YOU CANNOT...
I'M SORRY,
BUT IT'S TRUE.
IF THERE'D BEEN ANY
OTHER WAY OF DOING IT...
WELL, LET ME
THINK... WHAT ABOUT
STANDING ON THE TABLE AND
URINATING IN THE DRINKS.
DAD, PLEASE.
HERMIA, WHAT IS
GOING ON HERE?
SHE CAN'T JUST CHANGE
HER MIND LIKE THAT.
I TRIED TO TELL YOU AND
YOU WOULDN'T LISTEN.
DO YOU WORK WITH HERMIA,
ZANDER? IS THAT HOW YOU MET?
NO, I DON'T WORK
AT THE MOMENT.
I'VE NOT FOUND OUT WHAT I
REALLY WANT TO DO, YOU KNOW?
OH, LET ME LIE DOWN
AND DIE RIGHT HERE.
JAMES, I'M REALLY SORRY.
I SHOULD HAVE
TOLD YOU SOONER.
YOU CAN'T LOVE SOMEBODY
JUST LIKE THAT.
I'VE KNOWN YOU
ALL MY LIFE.
I'VE MISSED HER
IS HE ON DRUGS? HE'S
TALKING SCRIBBLE.
I LOVE HER.
ANYBODY CAN
SAY THAT.
BUT YOU NEVER DID.
THAT'S NOT TRUE. I WAS
ALWAYS TELLING YOU.
I USED TO SAY "I LOVE YOU" AND
YOU USED TO SAY "ME TOO".
HERMIA, I JUST WANTED TO
DO SOMETHING VERY SPECIAL,
JUST FOR YOU AND
JAMES, THAT'S ALL.
WHY DO YOU WANT TO RUIN
EVERYTHING LIKE THIS?
I JUST WANT YOU TO
BE HAPPY FOR ME.
YOU'RE MY DAUGHTER AND
YOU'RE ABOUT TO MAKE THE
BIGGEST MISTAKE OF YOUR
LIFE. HOW CAN I BE HAPPY?
PLEASE, DAD, I WOULD
HAVE TOLD YOU SOONER,
BUT I COULDN'T BEAR THE
THOUGHT OF HURTING YOU.
DO YOU WANT TO
KILL ME INSTEAD?
IF I DON'T MARRY
JAMES YOU'LL DIE?
IF YOU BREAK MY HEART I
MIGHT AS WELL BE DEAD!
JUST LET THEM GO,
THEO. LET THEM GO.
YOU CAN'T BULLY HER
INTO LOVING JAMES.
NOBODY LEAVES, NOBODY
GOES ANYWHERE.
THERE WILL BE AN
ENGAGEMENT PARTY TOMORROW
AND WE WILL BE TOASTING
THE HAPPY COUPLE.
THEO, YOU HEARD HER.
THEY'VE SPLIT UP.
JAMES DEMETRIUS AND HERMIA
MOON WILL BE GETTING ENGAGED
TOMORROW AT NOON,
SO IN THE MEANTIME
PLEASE ENJOY THE HOLIDAY
EXPERIENCE OF A LIFETIME.
DON'T.
ONE MINUTE YOU'RE...
OR YOU THINK YOU'RE...
AND THEN THE NEXT IT'S NOT
BEEN UNDERSTOOD THE...
SHE IS THE ONE
THING I WANT.
SHE IS IT.
BUT SHE'S JUST...
SO WHATEVER YOU HAVE TO
SAY, IT'S NOT GOING TO HELP.
SNUG, BETWEEN COURSES YOU GIVE
THEM CARD TRICKS AND CONJURING
APPROPRIATE TO THE
GENTEEL SURROUNDINGS.
DAVEY BLAINE SAYS THE
WAY TO DO REAL MAGIC
IS TO MAKE YOUR MIND
GO COMPLETELY BLANK.
IT'S AN ENGAGEMENT PARTY
SO I'LL OPEN PROCEEDINGS
WITH THE THEME FROM
THE DEERHUNTER,
CONGRATULATIONS
TO THE CELEBRANTS,
AND THEN
THE HIGHLIGHT.
I'LL STORM IT.
I'M TALKING ABOUT
THE JUGGLING.
I'VE MASTERED THE DIABLOS
AND THE THREE-CLUB CHASE.
WELL, UNICYCLES ARE STRICTLY
PERSONA NON GRATA, UNDERSTOOD?
NOW, BOTTOM, YOU COME ON AFTER
THEY'VE HAD A FEW DRINKS.
JUST THE CLEVER GAGS, NO
SMUT. IT'S A FAMILY CROWD
THEN FLUTE HERE
ROUNDS IT ALL OFF
ACCOMPANIED BY YOURS TRULY
ON MY BRAND NEW LES PAUL.
YOU'VE COME INTO
MONEY, HAVE YOU?
WELL, I THOUGHT I'D
MAKE THE EXTRA EFFORT.
I'LL SEE YOU
AT REHEARSALS.
GET THERE ON TIME.
I'M ON THE GRAVEYARD
SHIFT TONIGHT.
EXCUSE ME, DO YOU WANT
TO GET OFF THOSE RAILINGS.
THIS RUNNING ORDER,
THERE WEREN'T ROOM
FOR MY IMPRESSIONS,
WERE THERE?
I'VE BEEN ENTRUSTED TO
PUT TOGETHER AN EVENING
OF CONTEMPORARY
ENTERTAINMENT.
CONTEMPORARY? I DO A DAVID
BRENT THAT HAS PEOPLE ROARING.
WITH ALL DUE RESPECT, YOUR
IMPRESSIONS DO NOT ALWAYS
MEASURE UP TO DREAM
PARK'S EXACTING STANDARDS.
I'LL SEE YOU
AT REHEARSALS.
WHEN YOU SEE MY LITTLE BRITAIN
YOU'LL BE BEGGING FOR MORE.
THE THING THAT QUINCE
DOESN'T UNDERSTAND,
WHEN I PLAYED THE ALHAMBRA
IN BRUMFORD I STORMED IT.
I TELL YOU, THEY WENT TO
SEE BERNIE AND SCHNORBITZ
BUT THEY CAME AWAY
TALKING ABOUT ME.
YOU WERE BERNIE
AND SCHNORBITZ?
NOT THERE!
MUST MAKE A MOVE,
I SUPPOSE.
HERMIA, I REALLY DON'T THINK
WE SHOULD HANG AROUND.
DID YOU BRING
AN EXTRA TOWEL?
HEY, COME ON.
IT'S OVER NOW.
IT'S BEHIND YOU. YOU GOT
THROUGH THE HARDEST BIT.
YOU'D BETTER BE
WORTH IT, BUSTER.
GOD, YOU ARE SO, SO...
IF YOU KNEW HOW
MUCH I WANTED YOU...
(COUGH)
REMEMBER ME?
LOYAL FRIEND,
VOICE OF REASON?
HI HELEN.
HELEN A.
HOW WELL DO YOU
EVEN KNOW HIM?
HOW COME YOU NEVER
MENTIONED HIM TO ME BEFORE?
BECAUSE I KNEW YOU'D
STICK UP FOR JAMES.
I KNOW HOW FOND
YOU ARE OF HIM.
UNLIKE YOU BY THE
LOOKS OF THINGS.
I'M NOT DOING THIS TO
HURT JAMES, I'M DOING IT
BECAUSE I FOUND A PERSON
I REALLY, REALLY LOVE.
HERMIA, COME ON.
YOU THINK I'M MAKING A MISTAKE
WITH ZANDER, DON'T YOU?
NO. I THINK YOU'RE MAKING
A TERRIBLE MISTAKE.
WHEN YOU FIND SOMEONE YOU
LOVE AS MUCH AS I LOVE HIM
THEN YOU'LL UNDERSTAND.
AT LEAST GO AND TALK TO
YOUR DAD BEFORE YOU GO.
NO, YOU HEARD HIM.
I'VE BROKEN HIS HEART.
IN OTHER WORDS
YOU CAN'T FACE HIM.
HE THOUGHT JAMES
AND I WERE PERFECT.
HE THINKS WE
ARE PERFECT.
BUT YOU WOULDN'T HAVE GONE
THROUGH WITH THE ENGAGEMENT,
WOULD YOU?
WE HAVE TO GO.
WHERE ARE YOU GONNA
GO AT THIS TIME?
ZANDER'S FOUND
AN EMPTY VILLA.
HE'S GOING
TO BREAK IN.
OH, VERY MATURE.
I LOVE HER.
SO YOU KEEP SAYING.
JUST BE HAPPY
FOR US, HELENA.
YOU'RE NOT
GOING ANYWHERE.
YOU'LL DO SOMETHING
YOU'LL REGRET.
THE GIRL CLEARLY
NEEDS TIME.
TIME TO RUN OFF WHO KNOWS
WHERE WITH A BIG ISSUE SELLER.
HE'S NOT A TRAMP, HE'S
JUST UNEMPLOYED.
YOU SAY THAT LIKE I
SHOULD BE REASSURED.
SHE DOESN'T
EVEN KNOW HIM.
SHE'S CHANGED HER MIND.
CHARGING AFTER HER
LIKE A RAGING BULL IS NOT
GOING TO CHANGE IT BACK.
WHO IS THIS
ZANDER BLOKE?
IT'S AS IF HE'S
BRAINWASHED HER.
MAYBE SHE JUST FEELS
CONFUSED. PRESSURED.
MAYBE THE MAN SHE
THOUGHT SHE LOVED
DOESN'T MAKE HER
HEART SING ANYMORE.
IT DOES HAPPEN.
LAST TIME I LOOKED THE HEART
WAS AN INTERNAL ORGAN.
THE CHANCES OF IT SINGING
SEEM REMOTE AT BEST.
SO IF YOU'RE FINISHED MOUTHING
OFF THIS NEW-AGE DRIVEL
PERHAPS YOU COULD ADDRESS
YOURSELF TO THE ISSUES IN HAND.
SHE DIDN'T FEEL SHE COULD
COME TO US AND TALK ABOUT IT.
DON'T YOU THINK THAT'S WHAT WE
SHOULD BE WORRIED ABOUT?
I SUPPOSE.
SHE'S A HEADSTRONG GIRL,
THAT'S FOR CERTAIN.
AND WE BOTH KNOW WHERE
SHE GETS THAT FROM.
HAVE YOU GOT ANY IDEA
WHAT'S GOING ON OUT THERE?
IT'S FALLING APART.
THEO AND POLLY NEED US!
AND I'M SURE THAT YOU AND
THAT RUFFIAN, PUCK, ARE COPING.
HE SEEMS VERY EAGER
TO IMPRESS YOU.
AND WHAT ABOUT YOU?
I'LL BE VERY ACTIVE JUST AS
SOON AS I HEAR YOUR APOLOGY.
APOLOGY? I
AM THE KING.
SO START ACTING
LIKE ONE.
I AM, AND I COMMAND YOU
TO GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER
AND HELP ME SAVE
POLLY AND THEO.
YOU DON'T COMMAND ME.
NOBODY COMMANDS ME.
I THINK YOU'LL FIND
THAT THE KING CAN
AND THAT HAPPENS
TO BE ME.
SO I COMMAND YOU TO
GET YOUR FINGER OUT.
AND WHY
SHOULD I OBEY?
IT IS TRADITION.
OH, YES, TRADITION.
THE PLACE WE LIKE TO HIDE WHEN
WE HAVE LOST THE ARGUMENT.
ILL MET BY
MOONLIGHT, TITANIA.
I AM KING OF
THE FAIRIES.
OF COURSE YOU ARE.
ANYBODY CAN SEE THAT.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOUR REGAL BEARING, YOUR
AUTHORITY, YOUR ELOQUENCE.
WELL, IT'S IN THE
BLOOD, THAT'S TRUE.
YOU DON'T NEED SERVANTS OR STAFF
TO TELL THE WORLD YOU'RE A KING.
YOU JUST NEED TO
MAKE AN ENTRANCE
AND EVERYONE FEELS
INCLINED TO BOW.
AGREED?
AGREED.
YOU DON'T
NEED ANYONE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
SO YOU DON'T
NEED ME.
I WOULD STOP THIS IF
I WERE YOU, TITANIA.
OR I WILL MAKE
YOU REGRET IT.
I'M GETTING BORED.
SO WHAT WE GONNA
DO NOW? CANCEL?
NO. NO, IT'LL BE FINE.
YOU'RE JOKING,
AREN'T YA?
EVERY TIME YOU TWO MEET
YOU FRIGHTEN THE PIXIES.
HOW CAN YOU
HELP ANYONE?
YOU JUST KEEP AN EYE
ON THE MORTALS.
I'M GONNA FIND A WAY TO
TEACH MY QUEEN A LESSON.
MY ADVICE TO THESE TWO IS
MOVE AWAY FROM THE FOREST.
MAKE A CLEAN START,
BECAUSE THERE'S SOMETHING
ABOUT THIS PLACE THAT
DOES YOUR HEAD IN.
IT'S LIKE ALL THIS NATURE
IS... IT'S UNNATURAL, ISN'T IT?
DOUBLE WHISKEY.
THERE YOU GO, SIR.
POUR IT LIKE
YOU MEAN IT.
DO I...? I KNOW YOU
FROM SOMEWHERE, DON'T I?
STOCKPORT REGISTRY
OFFICE, 1979.
I WAS AT YOUR WEDDING.
REALLY?
YOU DON'T REMEMBER?
ARE YOU A FRIEND
OF POLLY'S FAMILY?
NOT A GUEST IN THE
TRADITIONAL SENSE.
BUT REMEMBER YOU
WERE HAVING ONE OR TWO
LAST MINUTE DOUBTS SO I
TALKED TO YOU ABOUT LOVE.
RIGHT, YEAH. WHAT
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
YOU DON'T KNOW? HASN'T
PUCK BEEN TO SEE YOU?
OH, THE WEIRD,
SCRUFFY-LOOKING GUY.
PRACTICAL JOKER
FELLOW, YEAH.
I THOUGHT I WAS
SEEING THINGS AGAIN.
NO, HE'S AS
REAL AS I AM.
THAT'S WHAT
I'M DRIVING AT.
I DIDN'T THINK
YOU WERE REAL.
NO DISRESPECT BUT I WAS PRETTY
OFF MY HEAD AT THE WEDDING.
YEAH, WELL, WE WERE REALLY
THERE, BLESSING YOUR NUPTIALS.
AND WE BROUGHT
YOU HERE, TOO.
YOU SEE, IT'S AN
OBLIGATION, THEO.
A DUTY TO SPREAD PEACE
AND LOVE AND HAPPINESS.
SO IT'S COME TO THIS,
THAT THE ONLY MAN
WHO'LL DRINK WITH ME
IS A HALLUCINATION?
I AM NOT AN
HALLUCINATION.
OKAY, OKAY, YOU'RE MY
FAIRY GODMOTHER.
YOU KNOW, I COULD REALLY
MESS WITH YOUR HEAD.
SO LESS OF THE
GODMOTHER, ALRIGHT?
BUT YOU'RE A
FAIRY, RIGHT?
OOH, I'M KING OF
THE FAIRIES, THEO.
OKAY, SO WHERE ARE
ALL THE OTHER FAIRIES?
YOU SHOULD ASK MY LOVELY
QUEEN ABOUT THAT.
DON'T TELL ME THE
KING OF THE FAIRIES
HAS MARITAL
DIFFICULTIES.
WHY DO YOU THINK THE WEATHER'S
SO WEIRD NOWADAYS?
YOU THINK IT'S
GLOBAL WARMING?
NO CHANCE. IT'S
ME AND TITANIA.
YEAH?
YEAH, NATURE'S GOT A
WAY OF BITING BACK,
YOU KNOW
WHAT I MEAN?
NO, I DON'T REALLY.
NATURE HAS A WAY OF... SHE HAS
A WAY OF TEACHING US LESSONS.
'COURSE SHE HAS.
I'VE GOT IT.
I KNOW HOW TO
SORT OUT TITANIA.
SOMETHING TELLS ME
IT'S NOT COUNSELING.
I NEED YOU TO GET
ME SOME LOVE JUICE.
OH, TOP PLAN. HOW
MUCH ARE WE TALKING?
THAT WAY WHATEVER TITANIA
LOOKS AT WHEN SHE WAKES UP
SHE'LL BE IN LOVE WITH.
AND THAT'S YOU, RIGHT?
REMEMBER THAT STUFF I USED THE
NIGHT I HEARD THE MERMAIDS SING?
THOSE MERMAIDS! OH MAN, WE
HAD THE WOBBLE ON THAT NIGHT.
OH, WEE MAID IN
MEDITATION, FANCY-FREE,
YET MARKED WHERE THE
BOLT OF CUPID FELL.
I ASSURE YOU FROM LOVE
JUICE, NO DANGER.
IT FELL UPON A LITTLE
WESTERN FLOWER -
BEFORE MILK-WHITE, NOW
PURPLE WITH LOVE'S WOUNDS.
AND MAIDENS CALLED IT
"LOVE IN IDLENESS".
DO YOU WANT THE BLEEDIN'
LOVE JUICE OR WHAT?
JAMES, PLEASE.
WHY DON'T YOU STAY AND TRY
TO MAKE A WEEKEND OF IT?
MY FIANCEE JUST WALKED
OUT ON ME. DO YOU THINK
I CAN GET OVER IT WITH A SWIM
AND A GAME OF PING PONG?
I'M NOT SUGGESTING
YOU'D GET OVER IT,
JUST THAT I'D
LIKE YOU TO STAY.
WHY WOULD ANYONE WANT
TO SPEND THE WEEKEND
WITH DULL,
DUMPED JAMES?
YOU'RE NOT DULL.
WHO'S SHE GONNA
CHOOSE - PLAIN JAMES
OR THE GLAMOROUS SMOOTHIE
WHO CAN DO THE LOVE TALK?
HEY, WORDS AREN'T
EVERYTHING.
YES, THEY ARE.
AND I SHOULD HAVE SAID THEM
WHEN I HAD THE CHANCE.
WHAT SORT
OF THINGS?
THAT I NEED HER AND I
CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT HER.
THAT WOULD
HAVE BEEN NICE.
WHAT'S THE POINT? I CAN'T
TURN THE CLOCK BACK.
IT'S NOT OVER YET.
WELL, THAT'S JUST IT.
IT'S VERY MUCH OVER.
WHAT IF I TOLD YOU THAT I
MIGHT BE ABLE TO FIND HER
AND THAT YOU COULD
SAY THOSE THINGS?
♪
IT'S NOT MUCH FURTHER.
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH.
♪
COULDN'T FIND
THEM ANYWHERE.
COMPLETELY
DISAPPEARED.
NICE TO SEE YOU TOOK MY
WORDS OF WISDOM TO HEART.
HAVE YOU JUST BEEN SITTING
HERE ALL THIS TIME?
SHE COULD BE MILES
AWAY BY NOW.
IF SHE'S GOT ANY
SENSE SHE WILL BE.
SHE CAN PAY THE FULL
BALANCE ON HER VILLA.
THAT WAY SHE MIGHT LEARN
THAT BEING A GROWNUP
DOESN'T COME CHEAP.
THERE ARE MORE IMPORTANT
THINGS THAN MONEY.
WELL, LET'S SEE HOW EASY
IT IS FOR YOU TO SET UP
YOUR FLOATATION STUDIO
WITHOUT JAMES' HELP.
I CAN'T MAKE HERMIA GET MARRIED
TO A MAN SHE DOESN'T LOVE
JUST SO I CAN HAVE A
SYMPATHETIC INVESTOR.
I'LL JUST HAVE TO
FIND ANOTHER WAY.
JUST HAVE TO FIND
ANOTHER WAY.
BUILD IT AND
THEY WILL COME.
IT'S A GOOD JOB
ONE OF US CAN
DEAL WITH LIFE'S
HARSH REALITIES.
AND THAT'S
YOU, IS IT?
THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO
MAKE THINGS HAPPEN
AND THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO
LET THINGS HAPPEN TO THEM.
SHOUT AND GET NOWHERE.
I TOLD YOU NOT
TO GO AFTER HER.
HOW DOES SHE KNOW WE CARE
IF WE DON'T GO AFTER HER?
THEY'RE PROBABLY
HIDING IN A VILLA
AND LAUGHING
AT ME RIGHT NOW.
DON'T TALK LIKE THAT.
NOBODY'S LAUGHING AT YOU.
OH, AREN'T THEY?
YOU MIGHT NOT SAY MUCH BUT I'LL
BET YOU'RE A VERY DEEP THINKER.
THAT'S RIGHT. I'VE OFTEN WORKED
OUT THE END OF TOUCH OF FROST
LONG BEFORE DEL-BOY.
AND YOU CAN
BE FUNNY.
YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE WHO SEEMS
TO SHARE MY SENSE OF HUMOR.
WELL, SOMETIMES I THINK PEOPLE
FIND YOU A BIT HARD TO APPROACH.
YOU JUST NEED
TO RELAX A BIT.
I CAN'T.
YOU'RE RELAXED
WITH ME.
BUT THAT'S DIFFERENT.
YOU MAKE IT EASY.
YOU'RE A LOT OF FUN
TO BE AROUND, JAMES.
DON'T LET ANYBODY
TELL YOU DIFFERENT.
WHY CAN'T HERMIA
SEE ANY OF THIS?
PERHAPS SHE JUST DOESN'T
KNOW WHERE TO LOOK.
IF DAD COULD SEE
ME NOW, HE'D...
HE'D WHAT?
HIS BARK'S WORSE
THAN HIS BITE, RIGHT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I'VE NEVER SEEN HIM
THIS ANGRY BEFORE.
HE WOULDN'T REALLY COME
AFTER US, WOULD HE?
I WOULDN'T PUT
IT PAST HIM.
WHAT WAS THAT?
WHAT?
THERE WAS A SOUND OUTSIDE
LIKE A TWIG BREAKING.
MAYBE IT WAS A
TWIG BREAKING.
CAN WE ALWAYS
REMEMBER THIS?
THIS WILL ALWAYS BE OUR
SKY, OUR NIGHT, OUR STARS.
CAN I ASK YOU
SOMETHING?
OF COURSE.
DID YOU KNOW ABOUT HERMIA
AND ZANDER BEFORE TONIGHT?
NO, I PROMISE I DIDN'T.
IF I'D HAVE KNOWN
I'D HAVE TOLD YOU
STRAIGHT AWAY.
WOULD YOU?
OF COURSE. I'D NEVER
WANT TO SEE YOU HURT.
I CARE ABOUT YOU.
OH, YEAH, OF COURSE.
AND I CARE ABOUT YOU.
(LOUD CRACK)
OH NO! ARE
YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I THINK SO.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
I'M FINE.
THERE'S NOTHING
BROKEN, I DON'T THINK.
I'M JUST CLUMSY.
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE WE JUST
GOT CARRIED AWAY.
YEAH, THAT
MUST BE IT.
CROSSED WIRES, MIXED
SIGNALS. I'M SORRY,
I'M SORRY.
YOU DIDN'T TRIP ON
PURPOSE, DID YOU?
NO. OF COURSE NOT.
YOU DON'T WANT ME TO GET
BACK WITH HER, DO YOU?
I WANT YOU
TO BE HAPPY.
I'LL BET YOU DON'T EVEN
KNOW WHERE SHE IS.
YOU TRICKED ME SO THAT YOU
COULD THROW YOURSELF AT ME.
NO, THAT ISN'T TRUE.
I'M HERE BECAUSE I COULDN'T
STAND TO SEE YOU SO HURT.
LET'S FORGET WHAT HAPPENED
AND TRY TO FIND HERMIA.
I'M NOT FALLING FOR
THAT TRICK AGAIN.
DON'T YOU COME
ANYWHERE NEAR ME.
I FEEL SICK JUST
TO LOOK AT YOU.
HAS THIS MAN GOT
THE LOVE JUICE
OR HAS THIS MAN
GOT THE LOVE JUICE?
TAKE SOME OF THIS.
THIS YOUNG WOMAN HERE IS
IN LOVE WITH A YOUNG WET
WHO DOESN'T
WANT TO KNOW.
ODDS AND EVENS -
BEEN THERE MYSELF.
FAIRIES ALL OVER ME.
I'M LIKE, YOU KNOW,
"GIRLS, ONE AT A TIME".
DRIP SOME OF THIS IN
THE YOUNG MAN'S EYES.
LET'S MAKE LOVE
OUR MISSION, EH?
PUCK, WHAT'S THE PLAN?
YOUNG WET,
LOVE JUICE, EYES.
THREE STEPS
TO HEAVEN.
WET BLOKE ALERT.
CLOTHES DRYING, HIM STILL A BIT
DAMP AROUND THE EDGES, RESULTS.
IT DOESN'T LOOK
LIKE HE AIN'T, SIR.
BUT THEN HE
IS A BLOKE.
SHE IS NEEDY. AND A
JUMP'S A JUMP, I SUPPOSE.
WHAT YOU SEE WHEN YOU WAKE,
YOU WILL FEEL TRUE LOVE TAKE.
SPLISH, SPLASH, SPLUSH.
OOPS. GET OUTTA THAT.
JAMES, I FOUND THEM.
I TOLD YOU I WASN'T
TRICKING YOU, JAMES.
HEY, COME ON,
BABE. DON'T CRY.
WHY WOULD SOMEONE
AS BEAUTIFUL AS YOU
CRY ABOUT JAMES?
I LOVE HIM.
NO, YOU JUST THINK
YOU LOVE HIM.
WHAT'S THE
DIFFERENCE?
THIS.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
JUST GET OFF!
I CAN'T BELIEVE I
DIDN'T SEE IT BEFORE.
I KNEW YOU COULDN'T
BE TRUSTED.
HOW CAN I LOOK AT
HERMIA WHEN I COULD BE
LOOKING AT YOU,
LOVING YOU?
WHY SHOULD I SETTLE
FOR SECOND BEST?
YOU HAVE GOT SOME SERIOUS
COMMITMENT ISSUES.
GET SOME HELP.
BUT THIS IS OUR SKY.
THIS IS OUR NIGHT.
THESE ARE OUR STARS!
YOU NEED A
LESSON, MY QUEEN.
YOU THINK YOU'VE
GOT POWER OVER ME.
BUT I'M GONNA
SHOW YOU POWER.
YOU THINK I'M
TOO PROUD?
I WILL SHOW
YOU PRIDE.
WHEN YOU WAKE UP YOU
WILL FALL IN LOVE WITH
THE FIRST
THING YOU SEE.
I WILL MAKE YOU
FEEL SO SMALL
THAT YOU WON'T EVER
DARE TO CROSS ME AGAIN.
♪ HE WAS BEAUTIFUL,
BEAUTIFUL TO MY EYES ♪
♪ FROM THE MOMENT I SAW HIM
THE SUN FILLED THE SKY ♪
JUST WENT A BIT
WRONG THERE, LOVE.
MAKE SURE YOU TIGHTEN
UP ON THE "NIGHT".
A MAN WALKS INTO A
PUB WITH A ROLL OF
GREEN TARMAC ON HIS HEAD
AND THE BARMAN SAYS
"DON'T TALK TO HIM.
HE'S A CYCLE PATH".
I DON'T GET IT.
WHAT ABOUT THE
CLEVER STUFF?
THIS IS THE
CLEVER STUFF!
IN WYTHANSHAWE
MAYBE.
WAS THIS YOUR CARD?
NO.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO SAY "YES".
IT WASN'T MY CARD.
YOU COULD BE A BIT
MORE ENCOURAGING.
AW, BUT YOU GOT THE
PATTER JUST RIGHT.
EXCUSE ME, SIR, BUT
COULD I POSSIBLY
RELIEVE YOU
OF YOUR WATCH?
THAT'S THREE.
COUNT THEM, LADIES
AND GENTLEMEN!
THAT IS MORE LIKE IT.
NOW WE'RE TALKING A
TOP-NOTCH ENTERTAINMENT
PACKAGE AS BEFITTING
THE NUMBER ONE DESTINATION
OF THE DISCERNING FAMILY.
NOW WE'RE TALKING
MANAGEMENT CALLING
AND SAYING "WHY DON'T THE
RUDE MECHANICALS PERFORM
THE ENTERTAINMENT
ON A REGULAR BASIS"?
IT'LL BE A
MAD COMEBACK!
MY AGENT WILL BE
KICKING HIMSELF!
HA HA HA!
I SAID NO
IMPRESSIONS.
YOU'LL LOVE THIS.
I'M THE ONLY GAY
IN THE VILL-AGE!
WHAT?
WAIT, WAIT!
(SOUND OF BREAKING GLASS)
TA-DAA!
THAT WAS A BRAND
NEW WATCH!
DIDN'T LOOK
CHEAP EITHER.
EH EHH EH EH EHH.
COME ON!
OH, I KNOW
THIS ONE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING? ARE YOU
GETTING THE MESSAGE HERE?
WHAT YOU SEEM TO FORGET IS I'M
DOING ALL THIS FOR THE LIVING.
I KNOW WHAT PLAYS
TO A LIVE AUDIENCE.
IF YOU KNOW WHAT PLAYS, WHY
ARE YOU A SECURITY GUARD?
WAIT, WATCH THIS ONE!
THAT WAS A BIT HARSH.
CRUEL TO BE KIND?
MY NAME IS
MICHAEL CAINE.
WATCH THIS. IT'LL BE TOP.
MY NAME IS
MICHAEL CAINE.
THAT WAS REALLY
GOOD, MAN.
YOU'VE NOT COME TO
AUDITION, HAVE YOU?
WE'VE GOT ALL THE
IMPRESSIONISTS WE NEED.
I SAID YOU WERE ONLY SUPPOSED
TO BLOW THE BLOODY DOORS OFF!
HELL ON EARTH, WHAT HAVE
YOU DONE TO YOURSELF?
TOLD YOU IT WAS
GOOD, DIDN'T I?
CAN YOU SEE
A DIFFERENCE?
YES, BUT IT'S NOT
FUNNY. IT'S JUST SICK.
CHANGE BACK, IT'S
FREAKING ME OUT.
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE
AN ENGAGEMENT PARTY,
NOT THE END
OF A FESTIVAL.
THAT MAN SHOULDN'T BE
ALLOWED OUT AT NIGHT.
IT'S ONLY A GUESS BUT,
IS IT RUUD VAN NISTELROOY?
WHAT IS THE MATTER
WITH YOU LOT?
COME BACK AND STOP
MUCKING ABOUT!
I'M NOT GOING
AFTER YOU!
I CAN ENTERTAIN
MYSELF.
THEY'LL BE BACK.
(WHISTLING)
♪ STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT ♪
♪ EXCHANGING GLANCES,
WONDERING IN THE NIGHT ♪
♪ WHAT WERE THE CHANCES
WE'D BE SHARING LOVE ♪
♪ BEFORE THE NIGHT
WAS THROUGH? ♪
♪ SOMETHING IN YOUR EYES.. ♪
WE BOTH LIKE WALKING.
WE BOTH LIKE READING.
BELIEVE ME, I'D PREFER
ILLITERATE BUT SINCERE.
ALL I'M ASKING
FOR IS A CHANCE.
YOU TURNED MY BEST
FRIEND'S LIFE UPSIDE DOWN.
SHE FELL OUT WITH
HER DAD FOR YOU.
SHE BROKE
JAMES' HEART.
DO YOU BELIEVE
IN FATE?
I BELIEVE IN MY
JUDGMENT AND I NEVER
LIKED THE LOOK OF
YOU FROM THE START.
SEE? THAT'S WHAT
I LOVE ABOUT YOU.
I'D RATHER BE SLAGGED OFF BY
YOU THAN ADORED BY HERMIA.
♪ UP TO THE MOMENT WHEN
WE SAID OUR FIRST HELLO ♪
♪ LITTLE DID WE KNOW... ♪
YOU CAME BACK!
OH, THANK GOD.
STAY AWAY FROM ME!
WHAT?
WHAT HAVE YOU
DONE WITH HIM?
DONE TO ZANDER?
CALM DOWN,
YOU'RE HYSTERICAL.
OW! WHAT DID
YOU DO THAT FOR?
♪ IT TURNED OUT SO RIGHT FOR
STRANGERS IN THE NIGHT ♪
♪ (WHISTLING) ♪
NIGHTINGALE'S SONG.
IT'S JUST ME!
♪ (WHISTLING) ♪
MY GOD. TELL ME
I'M NOT DREAMING.
TALKING TO ME, LOVE?
AND TELL ME, WITH
A BODY LIKE YOURS
YOU AREN'T USED TO
FEMALE ATTENTION.
WELL, I'VE HAD
MY MOMENTS.
YOU DON'T PLAY SECOND HEADLINE
AT THE POCO-POCO CLUB
WITHOUT ATTRACTING
YOUR FAIR SHARE OF FANNY.
WHEN YOU SPEAK
IT'S LIKE POETRY.
THAT'S WHAT I'VE BEEN
TRYING TO SAY TO QUINCE!
GIFT OF THE GAB.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
BOTTOM. BUT YOU
CAN CALL ME "BOOTY".
YOU LIKE THAT ONE?
GOT HUNDREDS
WHERE THAT CAME FROM.
WHAT DO THEY
CALL YOU?
TITANIA.
I'M NOT SURPRISED.
I LOVE A ROUGH MAN.
THEY DON'T COME
MUCH ROUGHER.
YOU'RE MY
IDEAL AUDIENCE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
HANGING AROUND HERE?
I LIVE HERE. I'M
QUEEN OF THE FAIRIES.
ARE YA?
AND I'LL BET YOU'VE GOT GORGEOUS
SUN MAIDENS, HAVEN'T YOU?
IF THAT'S WHAT
WOULD PLEASE YOU.
IT'S BANG HONEST.
WAIT ON HIM. LEAD HIM
TO MY LOVE PALACE.
IT'S NOT NYLON SHEETS,
IS IT? CUZ I GET THIS RASH.
YOU'RE NOT DOING THIS FOR
SOME KIND OF BET, ARE YOU?
BECAUSE I FELL FOR THIS ONCE
BEFORE ON MY STAG NIGHT.
OF COURSE, I'M NOT
MARRIED ANYMORE.
SHE RAN OFF
WITH A BOOKIE.
THE LOVE OF MY LIFE...
THE BOOKIE,
NOT MY WIFE.
I LIKE THINGS TO GET OUT
OF HAND, YOU KNOW.
I WOULDN'T LEAD
YOU UP AND DOWN,
BUT THIS IS ALL TURNING INTO
A BIT OF A HEAD SQUEEZE.
I'VE GOT A FEELING WHEN I
TELL OBERON WHAT'S HAPPENED
IT'S ME GETTING MY
HEAD SQUEEZED.
HAS TITANIA
WOKEN UP?
OH, YES.
AND?
BIT OF AN ANIMAL
VIBE GOING ON.
WHAT HAS SHE FALLEN
IN LOVE WITH?
THIS DONKEY-MAN
COMEDIAN TYPE THING.
GOOD.
SLUT.
THE MORE HUMILIATED
THE BETTER.
THAT'S WHAT
I THOUGHT.
WHEN HE FINALLY
HAD THE CHANCE OF
HAVING YOU TO HIMSELF,
HE RAN AWAY.
HE WOULD NEVER
LEAVE ME.
IT'S ME THAT'LL
NEVER LEAVE YOU.
IF YOU HAVE ANY
FEELINGS FOR ME AT ALL
THEN YOU'LL TELL ME
WHAT YOU'VE DONE TO HIM.
I WISH I HAD, HERMIA.
I REALLY DO.
BUT I HAVEN'T.
I DIDN'T.
WILL YOU HELP
TO FIND HIM THEN?
JUST LET HIM GO! WE'RE
BETTER OFF WITHOUT HIM!
THERE IS NO "WE"!
AUUUGH!
WELCOME TO THE
GLOBE DINER, SIR.
DID YOU DRUG
THIS MAN?
NO. I DRUGGED THE YOUNG
WET BLOKE LIKE YOU SAID.
THIS IS THE WET BLOKE
I WAS TALKING ABOUT.
IS IT? HE'S AS
DRY AS A BONE.
THAT'S NOT THE
KIND OF WET I MEANT.
IS "PUCK" SHORT
FOR PUCK UP?
THIS MAN IS STILL IN LOVE
WITH THE WRONG WOMAN.
ALRIGHT, MISTAKE, YOU
KNOW. NO NEED TO...
GIVE ME SOME
MORE LOVE JUICE
OR I WILL GIVE YOU A
MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM
WHERE THE MOON
DOESN'T SHINE.
I'LL HANDLE HIM.
YOU GET THE GIRL, GET
THE BOY, AND GET IT SORTED.
NOW.
♪
NOW THIS WILL HELP YOU SEE
WHO YOUR TRUE LOVE REALLY IS.
♪ IT'S JUST A RIDE
IT'S JUST A RIDE ♪
♪ NO NEED TO RUN
NO NEED TO HIDE ♪
♪ IT'LL TAKE YOU
ROUND AND ROUND ♪
♪ SOMETIMES YOU'RE UP
SOMETIMES YOU'RE DOWN ♪
NO ONE GETS
HURT, PUCK.
♪ IT MIGHT FEEL
SO REAL INSIDE ♪
♪ BUT DON'T FORGET
IT'S JUST A RIDE ♪
THE THING ABOUT THE OLD
LOVE JUICE - IT'S A RIDE, MAN.
IT'S A REGULAR
ROLLER COASTER.
(SNAP!)
IT ALL MAKES SENSE, DON'T
YOU SEE? IT'S PERFECT!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE GETTING FROM THIS
BUT I'D LIKE IT TO
STOP RIGHT NOW.
JAMES LOVES HER AND
DOESN'T LOVE YOU.
ZANDER, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING HERE?
WHERE DID YOU GO?
WHY DID YOU LEAVE
ME ALONE LIKE THAT?
I HAD BETTER
THINGS TO DO.
WHAT?
SO YOU'RE IN
ON IT TOO?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
OH, VERY
GOOD, HERMIA.
WHAT IS IT ABOUT YOU THAT
ALWAYS NEEDS AN AUDIENCE?
WHAT GIVES YOU THE RIGHT
TO TREAT ME LIKE THIS?
WILL SOMEBODY PLEASE
TELL ME WHAT'S GOING ON.
I LOVE HELENA
AND SHE LOVES ME.
DON'T BE RIDICULOUS.
HELENA?
I DON'T LOVE ZANDER.
YOU KNOW I DON'T.
THAT'S RIGHT.
BECAUSE SHE LOVES ME, SHE
ALWAYS HAS. HAVEN'T YOU?
OOPS.
AND I'VE ALWAYS
KNOWN IT, SORT OF.
SOMEHOW
NOW I SEE IT.
GET YOUR HANDS OFF HER.
GO BACK TO HERMIA.
ZANDER!
ARE YOU
FOLLOWING THIS?
CUZ I FEEL LIKE I'M WRESTLING
A SACKFUL OF MONKEYS HERE.
AND WHEN DID THIS REMARKABLE
CHANGE OF HEART COME ABOUT?
I THINK I FIRST REALIZED
IT AT THE YOUTH CLUB
THAT TIME WE KISSED.
THAT WAS 12 YEARS AGO. WHY
ARE YOU DRAGGING THAT UP?
IT WAS BEFORE HERMIA BUT
PART OF ME KNEW EVEN THEN.
BUT IT'S TAKEN TIL
NOW FOR ME TO SEE
WHAT MY HEART'S
ALWAYS KNOWN.
WHAT YOUR HEART'S
HE'S A RIGHT OLD POET WHEN
HE GETS GOING, ISN'T HE?
I SHOULD WRITE SOME OF
THIS ON A CARD AND SELL IT.
GET OFF MY GIRLFRIEND!
ALL THIS TIME YOU'VE SPENT
WITH YOUR NOSE IN A BOOK.
FRIEND? SOME FRIEND.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
HE SEES IN YOU.
IS IT YOUR BIG BRAIN AND
YOUR SENSIBLE SHOES?
OR PERHAPS HE FELT IN NEED
OF A DECENT CONVERSATION
EVERY NOW AND AGAIN.
YOU TWO-FACED
CONNIVING LITTLE BITCH!
HELENA!
WASN'T ME.
SHE'S MINE!
THE KID'S FAST.
I WANT TO SEE A PUNCH UP.
YOU WANT TO SEE A PUNCH UP.
OBERON'S GOT THIS "NOBODY
GETS HURT" THING GOING ON.
WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA DO?
♪
WHERE DID YOU LEARN TO
MAKE LOVE LIKE THAT?
DEDICATION.
I'VE STUDIED LOTS OF BOOKS
AND VIDEOS OVER THE YEARS.
PEASEBLOSSOM, I'VE
GOT A PAIN IN MY NECK.
♪
I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'VE
DONE TO DESERVE THIS.
TO TELL YOU THE TRUTH, WHAT I'D
REALLY LIKE IS A NICE CARROT.
NEED A SHAVE
ALL THAT MUCH?
NO, DON'T
CHANGE A THING.
YOU'RE PERFECT.
GIVE OVER.
YOU SLEEP NOW.
NO, I DON'T
WANT TO SLEEP.
IT'S THE BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE,
I DON'T WANT IT TO END.
SHH.
I GIVE UP.
YOU WERE RIGHT.
I'VE GONE ABOUT
THIS ALL WRONG.
COME HERE.
YOU DID YOUR BEST.
YOU DID WHAT YOU
THOUGHT WAS RIGHT.
IT'S JUST NERVES,
THAT'S ALL IT IS.
I THINK IF I COULD
MAKE HER SEE THAT...
MAYBE MARRYING HER FIRST LOVE
WAS NEVER THE BEST OF IDEAS.
WELL, IT WORKED
FOR US, DIDN'T IT?
YEAH, IT DID.
BUT MAYBE SHE NEEDS
TO FIND HER OWN WAY.
SHE'LL BE ALL
RIGHT, YOU KNOW.
SHE WILL BE
ALL RIGHT.
HAVE YOU SEEN
HELENA ANYWHERE?
I BET SHE WOULD
KNOW SOMETHING.
HELENA WILL BE ENJOYING THE
VAST AND EXTENSIVE FACILITIES
LIKE YOU COULD
BE ENJOYING MINE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING?
JUST WHAT I
ALWAYS DO.
THINKING OF YOUR
OWN GRATIFICATION.
NO, I'M THINKING
ABOUT YOU.
THINKING HOW CAN
I DISTRACT YOU?
HOW CAN I MAKE
YOU FEEL BETTER?
HOW CAN I
MAKE YOU HAPPY?
OH, DON'T GO PUTTING
YOURSELF OUT ON MY ACCOUNT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M SICK OF THIS.
JOIN THE CLUB.
NO, I MEAN I'M SICK
OF YOUR SARCASM.
AND I'M SICK OF THE FACT
THAT YOU NEVER LISTEN TO ME
OR ANYBODY ELSE.
I DO LISTEN TO YOU, I
DON'T HAVE ANY CHOICE.
YOU DON'T LISTEN.
YOU JUST STAND THERE
AND WAIT FOR ME TO STOP
TALKING AND I AM SICK OF IT!
AND I AM SICK OF YOU HAVING
TO CONTROL EVERY SECOND
OF EVERY WAKING DAY!
WHAT'S GOT INTO YOU?
I'M THE ANGRY ONE,
YOU'RE THE CALM ONE.
WELL, MAYBE AFTER 26 YEARS IT'S
MY TURN TO BE THE ANGRY ONE
BECAUSE GUESS WHAT?
INSIDE I'M ANGRY TOO EXCEPT I'VE
GOT TO BOTTLE IT UP BECAUSE
YOU'RE SO IRRITABLE ALL THE TIME
WE HAVE TO TIPTOE AROUND YOU!
WHY DO YOU THINK YOUR DAUGHTER
NEARLY GOT MARRIED TO A MAN
SHE DIDN'T EVEN LOVE?
BECAUSE OF YOUR
TEMPER, THAT'S WHY!
AND THAT'S WHY
SHE'S OUT THERE NOW
IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE
WITH A STRANGER!
IT'S YOUR FAULT
AND NOBODY ELSE'S!
CUZ HERE IS THE NEWS:
WE ALL FEEL ANGRY!
WE ALL FEEL
DISAPPOINTED!
BUT MOST OF US JUST
GET ON WITH IT!
HELENA?
ZANDER?
LET'S TALK!
PLEASE?
DADDY, IT'S ALL
GONE WRONG.
SHH. IT'S OKAY.
IT'LL ALL BE OKAY.
WHY IS IT...
I MEAN, HOW
CAN THEY...
WHEN YOU DO WHAT YOU THINK
IS RIGHT OVER THE YEARS
AND IT'S BEEN
WRONG ALL ALONG,
WHY WOULD SHE
WANT TO LIVE WITH IT
ALL THIS TIME IF THAT'S
WHAT SHE REALLY THINKS?
MAYBE SHE LOVES YOU.
SHE DOESN'T
EVEN LIKE ME.
THAT'S THE STRANGE
THING ABOUT WOMEN.
THEY CAN LOVE US EVEN WHEN WE'RE
IRRITATING THE HELL OUT OF THEM.
WHEN THEY LOVE YOU, THEY
LOVE YOU. NO CONDITIONS.
IT DOESN'T
MAKE ANY SENSE.
IT'S NOT SUPPOSED TO. WITH
THEM, IT'S A FORCE OF NATURE.
IT'S A FOREIGN
LANGUAGE.
YOU THINK YOU'VE
GOT TROUBLES?
MY WIFE, SHE'S FLIRTING WITH
A LOW-BUDGET CIRCUS FREAK.
IS IT POSSIBLE
TO ASK, WHY?
WE FOUGHT.
SHE SULKED.
SHE REFUSED
TO HELP.
SO I THOUGHT I'D MAKE HER
SEE SENSE BY, YOU KNOW,
MAKING A FOOL
OUT OF HER.
SO NOW SHE'S IN LOVE WITH A
BLOKE WHO LOOKS LIKE A DONKEY.
I'M NO EXPERT, BUT
THAT DOESN'T SOUND LIKE
THE BEST IDEA
YOU'VE EVER HAD.
I THOUGHT WE'D ESTABLISHED
YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT WOMEN.
AND YOU DO, I SUPPOSE.
AT LEAST I KNOW WHERE
YOUR DAUGHTER IS.
WHAT ARE
WE WAITING FOR?
NO. SHE'S GOT SOME
THINGS TO SORT OUT.
SHE WON'T COME
TO ANY HARM.
THAT'S EASY FOR
YOU TO SAY.
SHE WON'T COME
TO ANY HARM.
SO JUST SIT
HERE AND WAIT?
YOU COULD USE THE TIME
MAKING UP WITH YOUR WIFE.
OH, HERE SPEAKS THE
EXPERT ON MARITAL BLISS.
JUST BECAUSE I GOT IT
WRONG DOESN'T MEAN
YOU NEED TO GET
IT WRONG TOO.
YOU JUST GO IN THERE AND YOU
SAY THE THREE MAGIC PHRASES
THAT ALL WOMEN
LOVE TO HEAR.
"I'M SORRY".
"I LOVE YOU"
AND "YOU
WERE RIGHT".
I'M NOT SURE
SHE DESERVES IT.
THERE WAS THIS MAN AND
HE LIVED HIS LIFE ALWAYS
WORRYING THAT SOMETHING
BAD WAS GOING TO HAPPEN.
HE HAD A BEAUTIFUL WIFE,
A WONDERFUL FAMILY.
HE WAS RICH AND
HE WAS SUCCESSFUL
BUT HE COULDN'T ENJOY
IT BECAUSE HE KNEW
THAT SOMETHING BAD
WAS GOING TO HAPPEN.
SO AFTER A FULL
AND CHARMED LIFE,
AT THE AGE OF 120 HE
REALIZED HE WAS DYING.
AND AS HE LAY ON HIS DEATHBED
HE LOOKED HIS WIFE IN THE EYE
AND HE SAID "SEE?
I TOLD YOU SOMETHING
BAD WAS GONNA HAPPEN".
THAT'S SUPPOSED
TO BE ME, IS IT?
I'M NOT THAT RICH,
FOR A START.
JUST ENJOY WHAT
YOU'VE GOT, THEO.
JUST ENJOY
WHAT YOU'VE GOT.
AND THAT'S GOOD
COMING FROM YOU.
LOOK HOW TENDERLY
SHE HOLDS HIM.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND TENDERLY STROKES
HIS BIG FURRY EARS.
THIS IS UGLY.
THIS IS SICK.
I KNOW. IT'S THE CAT'S
MATCHES THOUGH, ISN'T IT?
MY ANGER DID
THIS. NOT HER.
I DID IT AND I
WANT IT UNDONE.
OH, YOU'RE KING OF THE FAIRIES;
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE ANGRY.
TURN THE CLOWN
BACK TO NORMAL.
MAKE HIM THINK
HE HAD A DREAM.
THE SORT OF DREAM YOU NEVER
WANT TO WAKE UP FROM.
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
I'LL UNDO IT.
(THUD)
NOW GO AND PUT THINGS RIGHT
WITH THE YOUNG LOVERS.
AW, BUT THEY'RE
FUNNY WHEN THEY'RE ALL
MESSED UP ON
LOVE JUICE.
APPLY THE ANTIDOTE TO JAMES AND
ZANDER AND DO IT PROPERLY, PUCK.
I HAVEN'T GOT TIME,
IT'S NEARLY LIGHT.
GET THIS RIGHT OR I'LL HAVE YOU
TURNED INTO A NOVELTY KEYRING.
COMING UP -
LOVE POTION #9.
♪
WHAT A WASTE OF PERFECTLY
GOOD LOVE JUICE.
HE HAS HIS REASONS; OBERON
ALWAYS HAS HIS REASONS.
IF YOU ASK ME HE'S
LOSING HIS GRIP.
RIGHT. OKAY.
WHEN YOU WAKE UP YOU SHALL
DELIGHT IN THE SIGHT OF HERMIA
AGAIN.
MAKE YOUR PASSION
FOR HELENA REAL.
JACK SHALL LOVE JILL;
JILL SHALL LOVE JACK.
NOW I'M GONNA GATHER
SOME MUSHROOMS,
HAVE A GOOD OLD BOIL-UP,
AND GET A BIT OF A WOBBLE ON.
SEE YOU IN A BIT.
WELL, I UH...
I THINK I SHOULD...
I JUST NEVER KNEW I
MADE YOU FEEL LIKE THAT.
THE WAY YOU SAID I MADE YOU
FEEL - ALWAYS HAVING TO BE
THE CALM ONE WHILE I WAS
BLOWING UP ALL THE TIME.
I DIDN'T REALIZE, I JUST
THOUGHT THAT YOU WERE
BETTER AT DEALING
WITH THE BAD STUFF.
AND I... I LOVE
YOU FOR THAT.
HELL, I'M IN AWE
OF YOU FOR THAT.
AND NOW I KNOW, NOW I
KNOW THAT'S HOW YOU FEEL
AND I'LL TRY NOT TO BE
SO ANGRY ALL THE TIME.
AND THE BOSSING PEOPLE AROUND,
THAT'S JUST MY WAY OF LOOKING
AFTER YOU AND HERMIA AND I GUESS
IT MUST HAVE GOT OUT OF HAND.
I'LL GIVE IT UP, I
PROMISE. I'LL TRY.
BECAUSE I WANT
US TO BE HAPPY.
I WANT YOU TO BE
HAPPY, POLLY.
HIP...
MY LOVE HIPPO, HM?
HIPPO?
AT LEAST GIVE
ME A SIGN.
I FEEL LIKE I'M TALKING TO A
COMA VICTIM IN HOLBY CITY.
OH!
BE AS YOU ARE...
SEE AS YOU SAW...
AND AWAKE TO
A NEW DAWN.
I DREAMT I WAS IN
LOVE WITH AN ASS.
AND THEN I WOKE UP...
AND WHAT DO YOU
KNOW, I STILL AM.
I'M SORRY.
I LOVE YOU.
AND YOU WERE RIGHT.
WHAT'S HAPPENED? WHY
ARE YOU BEING LIKE THIS?
WHAT IF I WERE TO TELL YOU,
NO MORE STUPID RAGE?
I'D SAY IT WAS A START.
NO MORE COMMANDS.
I NEVER LISTEN TO YOUR
COMMANDS ANYWAY.
NO MORE JEALOUSY.
WHY SHOULD I
BELIEVE YOU?
BECAUSE I'VE SEEN
THE DAMAGE IT DOES.
OH, HOW THY WORTH...
WITH MANNERS MAY I SING
WHEN THOU ART ALL
THE BETTER PART OF ME.
SWEET LOVE,
RENEW THY FORCE.
BE IT NOT SAID THY EDGE SHOULD
BLUNTER BE THAN APPETITE.
MY BOUNTY IS AS BOUNDLESS
AS THE SEA, MY LOVE AS DEEP.
THE MORE I GIVE TO THEE,
THE MORE I HAVE
FOR BOTH ARE INFINITE.
HOW I LOVE THEE.
HOW I DOTE ON THEE.
♪
HOW DID WE ALL
GET BACK HERE?
I DON'T KNOW.
SO, YOU DON'T REMEMBER
ANYTHING ABOUT LAST NIGHT?
NO, NO.
NOT EVEN SAYING
I WAS BORING?
I WAS UPSET. AND IT
WAS A STRANGE NIGHT.
DO YOU REALLY THINK
I NEED AN AUDIENCE?
NO, NO.
WELL, MAYBE WHEN
WE WERE YOUNGER.
THOSE TIMES WHEN
BOYS WOULD KISS ME
AND YOU USED TO STAND
OUTSIDE THE PHONE BOX?
AND IN THE LEXINGTON
CINEMA, YES.
I LIKED YOU BEING THERE
BECAUSE IT MADE ME FEEL SAFE.
I WASN'T TRYING
TO SHOW OFF.
I KNOW.
WHAT'S UP?
WHY ARE YOU
BEING LIKE THIS?
THAT'S RICH AFTER THE WAY
YOU BEHAVED LAST NIGHT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU DON'T REMEMBER SAYING
THAT YOU LOVED HELENA?
WHAT? HELENA?
I REMEMBER GOING TO SLEEP
IN THAT CABIN, THEN NOTHING,
AND THEN I
WOKE UP HERE.
YOU DON'T REMEMBER
PUSHING ME AWAY?
OF COURSE I
DIDN'T PUSH YOU AWAY.
I'D NEVER DO THAT.
YOU MUST HAVE
BEEN DREAMING.
MAYBE I WAS.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT?
HERMIA?
DAD!
WHOEVER YOU CHOOSE,
WHOEVER YOU WANT TO BE WITH,
AS LONG AS
YOU'RE HAPPY.
SORRY JAMES.
OH, THAT'S FINE. I DON'T LOVE
YOUR DAUGHTER ANYMORE, THEO.
OH, I SEE.
SOMETHING HAPPENED.
I CAN'T EXPLAIN.
YOU LOT NEARLY GAVE THEO A
HEART ATTACK, AND FOR WHAT?
POLLY, I KNOW YOU WANT TO BE
THE ANGRY ONE NOW AND THEN,
BUT EVERYBODY'S HAPPY.
YES, THEY ARE.
ALTHOUGH I WOULD LIKE SOME
SORT OF AN EXPLANATION.
WELL, BY SOME POWER MY LOVE FOR
HERMIA HAS MELTED LIKE SNOW.
WELL, WE'D BETTER
GET MOVING.
WE'VE GOT A PARTY
TO GET READY FOR.
YOUR MOTHER AND I - WE'RE
GOING TO RENEW OUR VOWS.
THAT'S FANTASTIC.
CONGRATULATIONS.
ARE WE? REALLY?
REALLY. THAT'S IF YOU
WOULD LIKE TO CELEBRATE
OUR NEW START
AND ALL THAT.
YES, I WOULD.
WHEN DID YOU
THINK OF THIS?
IF I TOLD YOU A BIG
FAIRY WHISPERED IT TO ME
WOULD YOU
BELIEVE ME?
DID YOU GET
THAT AS WELL?
THERE MUST BE
SOMETHING IN THE AIR!
TRIPPING OFF THEIR HEADS,
EVERY LAST ONE OF THEM.
MAYBE THEY'VE OPENED THEIR
EYES FOR THE FIRST TIME.
IT'S AMAZING WHAT THAT
CAN DO FOR PEOPLE.
THEY CAN'T JUST CHANGE
THEIR MINDS LIKE THAT.
THEY CAN AND
THEY HAVE.
IT'S MOTHER AND FATHER NOW, NOT
DAUGHTER AND SON-IN-LAW.
YOU'VE GOT A NEW
SHIRT, BY THE WAY?
JUST THOUGHT I'D MAKE
A BIT OF AN EFFORT.
IT WON'T BE EASY
WITHOUT BOTTOM.
HE WAS
STRUGGLING ANYWAY.
ALL THAT ANIMAL STUFF - IT
WON'T DO FOR THIS CROWD.
BOTTOM'S NOT
TURNED UP?
HE'S RUN OUT ON US.
HOPEFULLY HE'S SEEKING
PSYCHIATRIC HELP.
WE'RE STUFFED
WITHOUT HIM.
I'LL SLIP IN A COUPLE
OF EXTRA SONGS.
WE SHOULD PULL OUT.
THEY'LL MAKE DO WITH A DISCO
AND A THREE-COURSE DINNER.
WE CAN'T DO IT
WITHOUT BOTTOM.
WE CAN'T CANCEL.
LOOK, IF THIS IS CANCELED
I'LL GET THE SACK.
NOBODY'S GONNA SACK YOU
FOR PULLING OUT OF A GIG.
THEY ARE IF YOU'VE
ALREADY TAKEN THE FEE.
WHAT FEE?
YOU NEVER SAID ANYTHING
ABOUT ANY FEE.
I WAS GONNA SHARE
IT OUT AFTER THE GIG.
I JUST DIDN'T WANT TO PUT
ANY PRESSURE ON YOU.
AND WHAT PAID FOR
YOUR NEW GUITAR?
AND THE WATCH
AND THE SHIRT?
YOU KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE WHEN YOU
GET STARTED ON THE CATALOGUES.
HOW MUCH HAVE
YOU BEEN PAID?
THREE HUNDRED...
AND WHAT?
99.
YOU THIEVING GIT.
THAT'S A $150 EACH -
ME, SNOUT, AND SNUG. OTHERWISE
WE'RE JUST NOT GOING ON.
THAT LEAVES ME LESS THAN
WHAT I STARTED WITH.
IT'S THAT OR THE
SACK, QUINCY BOY.
YOU LOOK NICE.
THANKS.
WAS THERE
ANYTHING ELSE?
A BIT OF CLOUD TALK?
THE MAIN THING YOU NEED TO
KNOW IS SOMETHING'S CHANGED.
IN HERE.
WHAT MIGHT THAT BE?
I DON'T FEEL ANGRY OR UPSET
ABOUT HERMIA ANYMORE.
OH.
BECAUSE I REALIZE
THAT I'VE GOT YOU.
SO, I'M WHAT - THE
CONSOLATION PRIZE?
NO! NO, I DIDN'T
MEAN IT LIKE THAT.
JAMES, LAST NIGHT
YOU HUMILIATED ME.
WELL, THERE WERE ONE OR
TWO HICCUPS ADMITTEDLY.
AND NOW YOU'RE TALKING TO ME
LIKE IT NEVER EVEN HAPPENED!
I'VE CHANGED.
WELL, GOOD FOR YOU.
MAYBE I'VE CHANGED TOO.
MAYBE I'VE STOPPED
BEING SUCH A PUSHOVER.
♪
I'VE LOVED YOU, POLLY, FOR
AS LONG AS I'VE KNOWN YOU,
BUT SOMEWHERE ALONG THE
WAY I STOPPED TELLING YOU.
AND THAT IS WHY I'M SO GLAD THAT
HERE TODAY IN FRONT OF FRIENDS
AND OUR LOVED ONES
I'M ABLE TO TELL YOU
EXACTLY WHAT IS IN MY HEART.
AND THIS'LL SURPRISE YOU
BECAUSE IT CERTAINLY
SURPRISED ME.
I'VE WRITTEN A POEM.
YOURS IS THE VOICE
I HOPE TO HEAR
WHEN MY PHONE SAYS
"ONE MISSED CALL".
YOURS ARE THE HANDS I
WANT HOLDING MY LADDER
WHEN I'M PAPERING
STAIRS IN THE HALL.
YOURS IS THE FACE
I LONG TO SEE
WHEN I'M DELAYED
AT WATERLOO.
AND YOURS IS THE
DUVET I LONG TO SHARE
WHEN MY COLLARD
GAS IS THROUGH.
YOURS IS THE SARTORIAL
EYE THAT I CRAVE
WHEN I'M HAVING LAST
MINUTE SUIT DOUBTS.
YOURS IS THE HAND
THAT I WANT TO HOLD
DURING FUNERALS AND
PENALTY SHOOT-OUTS.
LONG BEFORE MY
MIND WAS MADE UP,
MY HEART
BELONGED TO YOU.
AT LAST I'M LISTENING
TO ALL THAT IT SAYS
AND I HOPE THAT
YOU ARE TOO.
♪
YOU'LL BE ALRIGHT
ONCE YOU GET ON.
I CAN'T.
JUST THINK ABOUT
THE MONEY.
OKAY, CHAPS.
LET'S GET MOVING ON THE OLD
ENTERTAINMENT FRONT, SHALL WE?
YEAH, SURE.
WE DO HAVE AN
AGREED TIMETABLE.
OKAY, ONE SECOND.
I CAN'T DO IT
WITHOUT BOTTOM.
I COULD DO IT WHEN
HE WAS HERE!
YOU'LL BE FINE.
YOU'RE NOT GETTING
IT, ARE YOU?
BOTTOM IS NOT
GONNA TURN UP.
WE WILL NEVER HEAR HIS
TERRIBLE GAGS EVER AGAIN.
HELLO QUINCE! OR
SHOULD I SAY "WINCE"?
BOTTOM! MY MATE!
I KNEW YOU WOULDN'T
LET US DOWN.
WHERE HAVE
YOU BEEN?
I JUST HAD THE
NIGHT OF MY LIFE.
THAT'S AS MAY BE, BUT WE BETTER
GET ON WITH THE SHOW.
LIKE A DREAM FROM START TO
FINISH IT WAS... WELL, A DREAM.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
I CAN EXPLAIN IT.
SO THERE WAS A
WOMAN INVOLVED?
NO...
THREE WOMEN.
THERE'LL BE
TIME FOR THIS LATER.
AND THEY ALL LEFT WITH
SMILES ON THEIR FACES.
I TAKE IT YOU DIDN'T
TELL ANY JOKES THEN?
ODD YOU SHOULD
MENTION IT.
I DID TRY
SOME MATERIAL.
COULDN'T GET
ENOUGH OF ME.
THOUGHT I
WAS HILARIOUS.
YOU HAD ME BELIEVING
YOU TIL THEN.
♪
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
OUR FIRST ACT HERE
IS READY TO BAMBOOZLE
YOU, TO ENCHANT YOU,
TO BEGUILE YOU WITH
SOME CLOSE-UP MAGIC.
IT'S MR. SNUG!
(APPLAUSE)
THANKS. HI.
UM, SURELY THIS IS A BOTTLE OF
UNOPENED WATER, MADE OF GLASS.
TELL ME SOMETHING
I DON'T KNOW!
AND... AND THIS IS A METAL
COIN OF THE REALM.
SO HOW CAN IT BE,
I HEAR YOU ASK...
HOW CAN IT BE?
HOW CAN IT BE THAT
WHEN I DO THIS...
WHAT, IT MAKES A
RINGING SOUND?
NO.
THIS HAPPENS...
THIS HAPPENS.
WAIT.
THANK YOU.
I THANK YOU!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, I AM HERE
TO PENETRATE YOUR MINDS!
♪
LOOK OUT!
ARE YOU ALRIGHT?
ARE YOU HAPPY?
COULDN'T BE HAPPIER.
GOOD. I WAS
WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
NOT BECAUSE OF YOU
AND JAMES BUT BECAUSE
YOU DIDN'T FEEL YOU COULD
COME TO US - OR AT LEAST ME -
AND TALK ABOUT IT BECAUSE
YOU CAN, YOU KNOW?
I KNOW, AND I'M SORRY ABOUT
THE ENGAGEMENT PARTY.
YOU SHOULDN'T BE. BESIDES,
IF YOU HADN'T CANCELED
I WOULDN'T BE GETTING
ANOTHER WEDDING DAY.
I'VE NEVER SEEN DAD LIKE
THIS - ALL ROMANTIC.
HE WAS ALWAYS
ROMANTIC.
WAS HE?
IT JUST SORT OF GOT
BURIED. BUT I ALWAYS KNEW
HIS ROMANTIC SIDE
WOULD COME OUT AGAIN
WHEN THE TIME
WAS RIGHT.
ARE YOU SURE THAT WASN'T
JUST WISHFUL THINKING?
CAN'T BUILD A MARRIAGE
ON WISHFUL THINKING.
I THOUGHT YOU'D
REALIZED THAT BY NOW.
HE SEEMS LIKE
A NICE LAD.
HE IS.
AMAZING, REALLY,
CONSIDERING HIS UPBRINGING.
I'M SURE.
ALL THAT WEALTH AND HE'S COME
OUT THE OTHER END SO SUSSED.
ALL WHAT WEALTH?
AND I BELIEVE THIS
IS YOUR CARD, SIR.
'TIS INDEED.
(APPLAUSE)
HELENA?
WELL, NO MARKS FOR
ORIGINALITY, SUNSHINE!
(LAUGHTER)
♪ HE WAS BEAUTIFUL ♪
YOU AND ME, YOU KNOW,
WE BELONG TOGETHER.
WHY HAVE YOU ALWAYS HUNG
AROUND WITH HERMIA AND ME?
AND WHY DID I
NEVER MIND?
SO WHAT ARE YOU
TRYING TO SAY HERE?
BASICALLY THIS IS TO DO WITH
THE LOVE THING, ISN'T IT?
THE LOVE THING?
YEAH. YOU KNOW. YOU AND
ME OVER THE YEARS,
AND NOW IT'S OBVIOUS.
ALTHOUGH WITH ONE
OR TWO HICCUPS - MAYBE
MORE THAN ONE OR TWO -
AND OUR ENTIRELY TO
BLAME PERSONALITIES.
MAKES SENSE, BUT UH...
BUT?
WELL, ISN'T IT OBVIOUS?
NOT REALLY.
I AS GOOD
AS SAID IT.
BUT YOU
DIDN'T SAY IT.
I LOVE YOU.
THERE.
I LOVE YOU!
SHUT UP.
(APPLAUSE)
OTHER PEOPLES'
FAMILIES, EH?
ALWAYS A NIGHTMARE.
OH, THIS IS NOTHING
COMPARED TO MY LOT.
MY PARENTS WOULD NEVER
DO ANYTHING LIKE THIS.
FAR TOO STUFFY.
OH, I'M SURE
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
ALL THAT MONEY, YOU SEE,
IT'S CRIPPLED THEM.
WELL, THAT CAN HAPPEN.
THANK GOODNESS GRANDDAD PUT
MY INHERITANCE INTO A TRUST.
AT LEAST I CAN BE MORE
CREATIVE WITH MY SHARE.
OPEN UP A
GALLERY MAYBE.
OR A FLOATATION TANK
STUDIO PERHAPS.
I'M SORRY?
IT'S ART, ZANDER. IT'S JUST NOT
HANGING ON A GALLERY WALL.
CHEERS.
AND NOW FOR SOME
FUN AND FRIVOLITY,
DREAM PARK IS PROUD TO
PRESENT MR. NICHOLAS BOTTOM!
GOOD EVENING,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!
GOOD EVENING!
AREN'T TROUSERS FUNNY
WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT IT?
NOT REALLY.
I SEE WE'VE GOT A
COMEDIAN IN THE HOUSE.
THAT'S A RELIEF -
WHEN'S HE COME ON?
YOU MAY BE QUICK WITTED SIR, BUT
THAT CAN'T COMPENSATE FOR THE
FACT YOU LOOK LIKE A BULLDOG
LICKING PISS OFF A NETTLE.
I GOT A JOB AS A
POSTMAN THE OTHER WEEK.
IT'S NOT VERY MUCH,
BUT, YOU KNOW,
IT'S BETTER THAN
WALKING THE STREETS.
HEY? BETTER THAN
WALKING THE STREETS?
DO YOU EVER DELIVER
ANY FRENCH LETTERS?
NO, BUT I WISH I'D DELIVERED
ONE TO YOUR FATHER.
CUZ THEN HE WOULDN'T
HAVE HAD YOU. SEE?
DOES ANYONE LIKE
IMPRESSIONS?
AS LONG AS IT'S AN
IMPRESSION OF A COMEDIAN.
A LITTLE BOY CAME HOME
FROM SCHOOL THE OTHER DAY
AND SAID HE'D BEEN
LEARNING ABOUT
COLUMBUS GOING 5,000
MILES ON A GALLEON.
THE DAD SAID "YOU
DON'T WANT TO BELIEVE
EVERYTHING YOU HEAR ABOUT
THOSE FOREIGN CARS.
I WAS GOING DOWN THE
STREET THE OTHER DAY AND
WHO SHOULD I BUMP INTO BUT
THE OFFICE'S MR. DAVID BRENT.
♪
I WASN'T BORN
OFFENSIVE.
I HAD TO PRACTICE.
SOME PEOPLE
GET OFFENDED.
NO REASON. BUT IF YOU
DID GET OFFENDED
THE BEST THING, THE
THIRD AND FINAL NUGGET
FROM THE BANK OF PUCK:
PRETEND IT WAS A DREAM.
IT WORKS EVERY TIME.
HOLD STILL.
ALL I'M SAYING IS
THAT IF WE'VE UPSET YOU,
THEN I CAN COME AROUND
AND SORT YOU OUT.
I'M NOT A LIAR.
I REALLY WILL.
TRUST ME.
♪
÷